Add k8s exporter configuration - resync (#108)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/exporters/k8s-exporter/configuration.md

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Configuration

## How to configure the Kubernetes Exporter?

You can override values in `helm install` command, with either the `--set` flag or the `--set-file` flag to set individual values from a file:

>     helm install my-port-k8s-exporter port-labs/port-k8s-exporter \

Reviewer: Please wrap in code block, tag as bash and add showLineNumbers

        --create-namespace --namespace port-k8s-exporter \
        --set secret.secrets.portClientId=CLIENT_ID --set secret.secrets.portClientSecret=CLIENT_SECRET \
        --set-file configMap.config=config.yaml

Alternatively, you can use a YAML file that specifies the values while installing the chart. For example:

>     helm install my-port-k8s-exporter port-labs/port-k8s-exporter \

Reviewer: Same comment as the previous code block

       --create-namespace --namespace port-k8s-exporter \
       -f custom_values.yaml

### Required Configuration

| Parameter                             | Description                                                                      |
| ------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **`secret.secrets.portClientId`**     | Port Client ID.                                                                  |

Reviewer: Is there a reason to both code block and bold these parameters?

| **`secret.secrets.portClientSecret`** | Port Client Secret.                                                              |
| **`configMap.config`**                | Port K8s Exporter `config.yaml`. Look at [Quickstart](./quickstart) for example. |

### Advanced Configuration

| Parameter        | Description                                                                | Default                | Use-Cases                                                                                                                                    |
| ---------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `resyncInterval` | The interval in minutes before sending a sync event for all known objects. | `0` (re-sync disabled) | Reconciliation every X minutes. For example, if your entity has a related target entity that still does not exists, it will try again later. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `resyncInterval` | The interval in minutes before sending a sync event for all known objects. | `0` (re-sync disabled) | Reconciliation every X minutes. For example, if your Entity has a related target Entity that still does not exists, it will try again later. |
```

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Configuration

> ## How to configure the Kubernetes Exporter?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## How to configure the Kubernetes exporter?
```

When installing the K8s exporter, you can override values in the `helm install` command, either with the `--set` flag to specify values directly, or the `--set-file` flag to set individual values from a file:

```bash showLineNumbers
helm install my-port-k8s-exporter port-labs/port-k8s-exporter \
    --create-namespace --namespace port-k8s-exporter \
    --set secret.secrets.portClientId=CLIENT_ID --set secret.secrets.portClientSecret=CLIENT_SECRET \
    --set-file configMap.config=config.yaml
```

Alternatively, you can use a YAML file that specifies the values while installing the chart. For example:

```bash showLineNumbers
helm install my-port-k8s-exporter port-labs/port-k8s-exporter \
   --create-namespace --namespace port-k8s-exporter \
   -f custom_values.yaml
```

> ### Required Configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Required configuration
```

| Parameter                         | Description                                                                      |
| --------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `secret.secrets.portClientId`     | Port Client ID.                                                                  |
> | `secret.secrets.portClientSecret` | Port Client Secret.                                                              |
> | `configMap.config`                | Port K8s Exporter `config.yaml`. Look at [Quickstart](./quickstart) for example. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `secret.secrets.portClientId`     | Port Client ID                                                              |
| `secret.secrets.portClientSecret` | Port Client Secret                                                              |
| `configMap.config`                | Port K8s Exporter `config.yaml`. Look at [Quickstart](./quickstart) for example |
```

### Advanced Configuration

| Parameter        | Description                                                                                                           | Default                | Use-Cases                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| ---------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `resyncInterval` | The interval in minutes to send a repeated sync event for all known existing objects (regardless of new sync events). | `0` (re-sync disabled) | Reconciliation every X minutes. For example, your Entity might has a related target Entity that still does not exists at the time of a sync event. The sync will fail, but later if the target Entity is available, it will eventually succeed (re-sync occurs continually every X minutes). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `resyncInterval` | The interval in minutes to send a repeated sync event for all known existing objects (regardless of new cluster events). | `0` (re-sync disabled) | Re-sync every X minutes. For example, your Entity might have a Related target Entity that does not exist yet at the time of a sync event. The sync will fail, but later when the target Entity is available, the Entity creation will succeed (re-sync occurs continually every X minutes). |
```

> | `resyncInterval` | The interval in minutes to send a repeated sync event for all known existing objects (regardless of new cluster events). | `0` (re-sync disabled) | Re-sync every X minutes. For example, your Entity might have a Related target Entity that does not exist yet at the time of a sync event. The sync will fail, but later when the target Entity is available, the Entity creation will succeed (re-sync occurs continually every X minutes). |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `resyncInterval` | The interval in minutes to send a repeated sync event for all known existing objects (regardless of new cluster events). | `0` (re-sync disabled) | Re-sync every X minutes. For example, your Entity might have a related target Entity that does not exist yet at the time of a sync event. The sync will fail, but later when the target Entity is available, the Entity creation will succeed (re-sync occurs continually every X minutes). |
```
